infrastructure/README.md, before:

# Creating a private-net (local development network)

This directory (`/infrastructure`) provides an example setup for a private-net, which you can use for local testing. It creates a single node, fully functional Algorand blockchain with:

* one wallet: `Wallet1`
* one address full of Algos (100% of total supply). We call that account a `master-account`.

Use `make` to run tasks to `create`, `start-private-net`, `stop-private-net`.

If you want to create a local network by your own, you can use a private net [tutorial](https://developer.algorand.org/tutorials/create-private-network/).

## Quick start

1. Install latest Algorand node. Use on of the options described in [algorand run-a-node](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/run-a-node/setup/install/)  documentation.
1. Make sure the algorand node is installed correctly and disable algorand service if you installed algorand node using a package:

        algod -v
        [optional] systemctl stop algod

1. Clone this repository
1. Then:

        cd infrastructure
        make create-private-net

1. Check the access token and network address. You will need them in your config file to correctly connect to a node. The network configuration (PrimaryNode/config.json) and token created using the `make create-private-net` command is fixed and shared in this repository, to match the one used in examples and default `algob.config`. Don't expose the node externally. Otherwise you will need to setup a firewall and generate a new token. You can see the network and a port by opening the following files:

        cat node_data/PrimaryNode/algod.net
        cat node_data/PrimaryNode/algod.token

1. To start and stop the the chain use the following commands:

        make start-private-net
        make stop-private-net

1. To set up master account (the account with hardcoded key we use in all our examples):

        make setup-master-account


## Connecting to algob

We can connect to an `algob` node either using `goal` command or REST. `goal` is only able to use a local node (need to have an access to the node data directory). So each use of `goal` will require specifying `--datadir` flag or `ALGORAND_DATA` environment variable. It's useful to define the former one (we are doing it in the Makefile):

    export ALGORAND_DATA=`pwd`/node_data/PrimaryNode

To connect from SDK or REST we need to know the network address and authorization token. This are stored in:

    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.net
    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.token

## Using Sandbox 2.0

Algorand Sandbox is a fast way to create and configure an Algorand development environment with [Algod](https://github.com/algorand/go-algorand) and [Indexer](https://github.com/algorand/indexer). To quickly bring up a private network with algorand sandbox and use it within algob, following jobs are provided (in `/infrastructure`) :-
*NOTE:* Please make sure to have [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed (with non root privilages) before running sandbox.
1. `sandbox-up` - Clones the sandbox [git repo](https://github.com/algorand/sandbox.git) in `~/.algorand-sandbox` and setups the network (this might take a while).

2. `sandbox-setup-master-account` - After starting the network using `sandbox-up`, we can use this job to create the master account present in algob config.

3. `sandbox-algod` - Use this command to enter the algod's docker container. To exit use `ctrl + D`.

4. `sandbox-down` - Bring down the sandbox network i.e stop docker containers running algod, indexer and indexer-db.

5. `sandbox-clean` - Clean up the env by removing stopped container and unused images.

**Few Points to be noted :**
1. To use goal commands within sandbox environment, we need to use the sandbox executable file (present in ~/.algorand-sandbox). eg. To list accounts using goal, use `~/.algorand-sandbox/sandbox goal account list` (where `~/.algorand-sandbox` is the directory and `~/.algorand-sandbox/sandbox` is the executable file). If you want to use `goal` directly, you can execute these commands from within the algod's container. To enter use `sandbox-algod`.

2. Algod port is set to `8081` and kmd port is set to `8082`. Make sure to update the port in `algob.config` before running the examples.

To learn more about sandbox, click [here](https://github.com/algorand/sandbox#algorand-sandbox).
### Example REST requests

Private Net

    curl http://$(cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.net)/v1/block/31538 -H "X-Algo-API-Token: $(cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.token)"

Purestake:

    curl -X GET "https://testnet-algorand.api.purestake.io/ps1/versions" -H "x-api-key:<api-key>"

## KMD

KMD is not started by default (with `make start-private`). You need to run it separately with `make start-kmd`. Similarly to `algob`, we can check the running kmd network address and token in the following files:

    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/kmd-v<version>/kmd.net
    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/kmd-v<version>/kmd.token

Commit message:

infrastructure: add recreate command and rename sandbox-algod (#253)
* infrastructure: add recreate command and rename sandbox-algod

* sandobx-shell -> sandbox-algod-shell

* reuse delete-private-net

* Update infrastructure/README.md

Co-authored-by: Amit Yadav <amy29981@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Amit Yadav <amy29981@gmail.com>

infrastructure/README.md, after:

# Creating a private-net (local development network)

This directory (`/infrastructure`) provides an example setup for a private-net, which you can use for local testing. It creates a single node, fully functional Algorand blockchain with:

* one wallet: `Wallet1`
* one address full of Algos (100% of total supply). We call that account a `master-account`.

Use `make` to run tasks to `create`, `start-private-net`, `stop-private-net`.

If you want to create a local network by your own, you can use a private net [tutorial](https://developer.algorand.org/tutorials/create-private-network/).

## Quick start

1. Install latest Algorand node. Use on of the options described in [algorand run-a-node](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/run-a-node/setup/install/)  documentation.
1. Make sure the algorand node is installed correctly and disable algorand service if you installed algorand node using a package:

        algod -v
        [optional] systemctl stop algod

1. Clone this repository
1. Then:

        cd infrastructure
        make create-private-net

1. Check the access token and network address. You will need them in your config file to correctly connect to a node. The network configuration (PrimaryNode/config.json) and token created using the `make create-private-net` command is fixed and shared in this repository, to match the one used in examples and default `algob.config`. Don't expose the node externally. Otherwise you will need to setup a firewall and generate a new token. You can see the network and a port by opening the following files:

        cat node_data/PrimaryNode/algod.net
        cat node_data/PrimaryNode/algod.token

1. To start and stop the the chain use the following commands:

        make start-private-net
        make stop-private-net

1. To set up master account (the account with hardcoded key we use in all our examples):

        make setup-master-account


The command below will combine all the steps above(create network, start network, setup master account and show network status):

    make setup-private-net


To recreate the private net (stop the current instance, remove all data and re-setup):

    make recreate-private-net


## Connecting to algob

We can connect to an `algob` node either using `goal` command or REST. `goal` is only able to use a local node (need to have an access to the node data directory). So each use of `goal` will require specifying `--datadir` flag or `ALGORAND_DATA` environment variable. It's useful to define the former one (we are doing it in the Makefile):

    export ALGORAND_DATA=`pwd`/node_data/PrimaryNode

To connect from SDK or REST we need to know the network address and authorization token. This are stored in:

    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.net
    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.token

## Using Sandbox 2.0

Algorand Sandbox is a fast way to create and configure an Algorand development environment with [Algod](https://github.com/algorand/go-algorand) and [Indexer](https://github.com/algorand/indexer). To quickly bring up a private network with algorand sandbox and use it within algob, following jobs are provided (in `/infrastructure`) :-
*NOTE:* Please make sure to have [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed (with non root privilages) before running sandbox.
1. `sandbox-up` - Clones the sandbox [git repo](https://github.com/algorand/sandbox.git) in `~/.algorand-sandbox` and setups the network (this might take a while).

2. `sandbox-setup-master-account` - After starting the network using `sandbox-up`, we can use this job to create the master account present in algob config.

3. `sandbox-algod` - Use this command to enter the algod's docker container. To exit use `ctrl + D`.

4. `sandbox-down` - Bring down the sandbox network i.e stop docker containers running algod, indexer and indexer-db.

5. `sandbox-clean` - Clean up the env by removing stopped container and unused images.

**Few Points to be noted :**
1. To use goal commands within sandbox environment, we need to use the sandbox executable file (present in ~/.algorand-sandbox). eg. To list accounts using goal, use `~/.algorand-sandbox/sandbox goal account list` (where `~/.algorand-sandbox` is the directory and `~/.algorand-sandbox/sandbox` is the executable file). If you want to use `goal` directly, you can execute these commands from within the algod's container. To enter use `sandbox-algod`.

2. Algod port is set to `8081` and kmd port is set to `8082`. Make sure to update the port in `algob.config` before running the examples.

To learn more about sandbox, click [here](https://github.com/algorand/sandbox#algorand-sandbox).
### Example REST requests

Private Net

    curl http://$(cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.net)/v1/block/31538 -H "X-Algo-API-Token: $(cat $ALGORAND_DATA/algod.token)"

Purestake:

    curl -X GET "https://testnet-algorand.api.purestake.io/ps1/versions" -H "x-api-key:<api-key>"

## KMD

KMD is not started by default (with `make start-private`). You need to run it separately with `make start-kmd`. Similarly to `algob`, we can check the running kmd network address and token in the following files:

    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/kmd-v<version>/kmd.net
    cat $ALGORAND_DATA/kmd-v<version>/kmd.token
