docs/deployer.md, before:

# Deployer

Deployer wraps an SDK `AlgodV2` client and provides a higher level functionality to deploy [Algorand Standard Assets(ASA)](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/features/asa/) and [Stateful Smart Contracts(SSC)](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/features/asc1/stateful/) to the Algorand network:
* load ASA definition files
* load smart-contract files
* create transaction log and checkpoints.

It will protect you from deploying same ASA or stateful smart contract twice. It will store transaction log in a checkpoint and allow you to reference later (in other scripts or in REPL) deployed ASA.

Read more about deployment and scripts in our [spec](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algorand-builder-specs--A_yfjbGmtkx5BYMOy8Ha50~uAg-Vcdp0XNngizChyUWvFXfs#:uid=213683005476107006060621&h2=Scripts).

## Example

When you initiate a new project, it will create a `sample-project` with the deployment script `scripts/0-sampleScript.js`,

You can write deployment tasks synchronously and they'll be executed in the correct order.

### ASA

    // ASA-1 will be deployed before ASA-2
    await deployer.deployASA("ASA-1", {...});
    await deployer.deployASA("ASA-2", {...});

To deploy an ASA you must have `asa.yaml` file in `assets` folder. Head to the [ASA Definition File Spec](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algorand-builder-specs-Vcdp0XNngizChyUWvFXfs#:uid=077585002872354521007982&h2=ASA-Definition-File) to learn more.

#### Smart contracts

You can also deploy a Stateful Smart Contracts (SSC). Check our [examples/permissioned-voting](../examples/permissioned-voting) project. Open the `scripts/voting.js` file, you will find there:

    await deployer.deploySSC("approval.teal", "clear.teal", {...});

Smart contracts must be stored in `assets` folder.

The main difference between deploying an ASA and SSC is that ASA takes `asset-name` and `ASADeploymentFlags` as input and SSC takes `smart-contract-names` and `SSCDeploymentFlags` as input.

You can learn more about the flags from [Deployer API](https://scale-it.github.io/algorand-builder/);

Commit message:

Support logic sig for opt-in ASA (Contract Account) (#251)
* add ASA transfer for contract account

* update changelog

* rename accountASAOptIn, lsigASAOptIn

docs/deployer.md, after:

# Deployer

Deployer wraps an SDK `AlgodV2` client and provides a higher level functionality to deploy [Algorand Standard Assets(ASA)](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/features/asa/) and [Stateful Smart Contracts(SSC)](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/features/asc1/stateful/) to the Algorand network:
* load ASA definition files
* load smart-contract files
* create transaction log and checkpoints.

It will protect you from deploying same ASA or stateful smart contract twice. It will store transaction log in a checkpoint and allow you to reference later (in other scripts or in REPL) deployed ASA.

Read more about deployment and scripts in our [spec](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algorand-builder-specs--A_yfjbGmtkx5BYMOy8Ha50~uAg-Vcdp0XNngizChyUWvFXfs#:uid=213683005476107006060621&h2=Scripts).

## Example

When you initiate a new project, it will create a `sample-project` with the deployment script `scripts/0-sampleScript.js`,

You can write deployment tasks synchronously and they'll be executed in the correct order.

### ASA

    // ASA-1 will be deployed before ASA-2
    await deployer.deployASA("ASA-1", {...});
    await deployer.deployASA("ASA-2", {...});

To deploy an ASA you must have `asa.yaml` file in `assets` folder. Head to the [ASA Definition File Spec](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algorand-builder-specs-Vcdp0XNngizChyUWvFXfs#:uid=077585002872354521007982&h2=ASA-Definition-File) to learn more.

For opting in to ASA, `deployer` supports two methods :-
- `optInAcountToASA` to opt-in to a single account signed by secret key of sender.
- `optInLsigToASA` to opt-in to a contract account (say escrow) where the account is represented by the logic signature address (`lsig.address()`).

#### Smart contracts

You can also deploy a Stateful Smart Contracts (SSC). Check our [examples/permissioned-voting](../examples/permissioned-voting) project. Open the `scripts/voting.js` file, you will find there:

    await deployer.deploySSC("approval.teal", "clear.teal", {...});

Smart contracts must be stored in `assets` folder.

The main difference between deploying an ASA and SSC is that ASA takes `asset-name` and `ASADeploymentFlags` as input and SSC takes `smart-contract-names` and `SSCDeploymentFlags` as input.

You can learn more about the flags from [Deployer API](https://scale-it.github.io/algorand-builder/);
